[home](../README.md)
 | 
[hungarian](../hu/2021-05-01.md)

### Next steps for reopening

Dear Sir / Madam!

We are pleased to inform you that the number of vaccinees in Hungary has exceeded 4 million. This will allow us to take further steps to restart life. A wide range of services is open to those who have a security certificate.

- After the opening of the terraces, the interiors of the restaurants will also open to the protected until 11 pm. Parents and family members can also take the children with them.

- Protected people can go to hotels and take their children with them.

- Leisure facilities such as zoos, game parks, museums, theaters, cinemas and libraries will be re-usable.

- Holders of a certificate of protection can also go to the gym and swimming pool, as well as certified athletes under the age of 18, as well as certified athletes over the age of 18 preparing for a competition or match.

- Protected minors and minors under their supervision can also attend sports events until 11 pm, they do not have to wear a mask here.

Under the new rules, the start of the curfew will change from 11 a.m. to midnight. The shops will be available for shopping until 11 p.m.

A certificate of protection can be issued in three cases: 1) if someone has been vaccinated, 2) has been certified to be infected, or 3) if someone is presumed to have been infected and this is confirmed by an ex-post antibody test.

If someone has been vaccinated, they do not need to apply separately for a security certificate, the authorities will send it. The card is valid together with the presentation of an identity card or passport.

If someone is entitled to the protection certificate, but has not received it for any reason, this can be indicated at the e-mail address vedettsegiigazolvany@1818.hu. In this case, those with customer gate registration can also apply for the card via the Magyarország.hu website. The lack of an ID can also be indicated in person in government windows.

We would like to thank you for participating in the vaccination program. Vaccinations help us get back to our normal lives. We are working to make this happen as soon as possible.

Sincerely:

Government Information Center

---
`Sat 2021-05-01 10:56`