[home](../README.md)
 | 
[hungarian](../hu/2021-08-05.md)

### Vaccination saved lives!

Dear Compatriot!

The Hungarian people have successfully taken up the fight against the coronavirus epidemic in the last year and a half. Together, we managed to break the third wave of the epidemic, and we saved the lives of many thousands of our compatriots thanks to vaccinations. However, many countries around the world are still battling the virus, and new mutations are already banging on our doors.

The Hungarian government therefore prepared Hungary for the fourth wave. Thanks to the successful vaccine purchases, we can vaccinate everyone in Hungary who requests the vaccination. Elderly people who have not been vaccinated so far are visited separately by GPs, and we also make vaccinations available to students in schools. In parallel, we made it possible for all our compatriots to take the third vaccine.

Thanks to our efforts, we were the first in the European Union to vaccinate more than half of the population in Hungary with two vaccinations, so we have the most reliable data on how well vaccination protects against re-infection. According to the Hungarian experience, only one in five hundred people who have received the two vaccines will get the virus.

Please, if there are anyone in your family or acquaintances who have not yet taken the vaccine, be sure to register and take advantage of the vaccination! Only vaccination saved lives, and only vaccination can protect Hungary and the Hungarian people from another, fourth wave of epidemics.

We will succeed together!

 

Sincerely:


Viktor Orban

---
`Wed 2021-08-25 11:13`