[home](../README.md)
 | 
[hungarian](../hu/2021-05-22.md)

### Next steps to restart

Dear Sir / Madam!


More than 50 percent of adult Hungarians have already received the vaccine, which means that we are still at the forefront among EU countries. When the number of vaccinees reaches 5 million, we can take further measures to restart life, the government will lift a significant part of the epidemiological restrictions:

- No need to wear a mask in public areas.
- The curfew will be lifted.
- The mandatory closing dates for shops and restaurants will also be abolished.
- Individual and team sports are allowed in public areas.
- Private and family events can be held with 50 people without restrictions.
- Weddings can be held with up to 200 people without restrictions.
- Outdoor events can be held with the participation of up to 500 people, but events exceeding 500 people can only be attended with a security certificate.
- Music and dance events can be attended, but this requires a security card, regardless of the number of people and location.
- Closed space events can still be attended only with a security card.
- 16-18 year olds with a security certificate can go indoors (eg to a cinema, restaurant) without an adult.

More information is available here.

As there are several vaccines available, everyone in Hungary can get the vaccine. If you have a friend who is not yet registered, please encourage them to do so! The vaccine saved lives.

 

Sincerely:

Government Information Center

---
`Sat 2021-05-22 13:28`