[home](../README.md)
 | 
[hungarian](../hu/2021-10-11.md)

### Information on government decisions

Dear Compatriot!


In the national consultation on life after the epidemic, more than 1.4 million people commented. I am writing to inform you of the decisions we have taken on the basis of the results of the consultation.

The credit moratorium has been extended until June 30, 2022

Those who are expecting and raising a child, retirees, public employees can continue to take advantage of the opportunity, as can businesses and individuals whose incomes have fallen significantly from the previous year.

We decided on the family tax refund

Next February, we will reimburse parents raising their children for their income tax paid in 2021 up to the average wage tax level. This is a tangible help in the lives of nearly two million of our compatriots.

We support our elderly compatriots

This year, retirees will receive a larger-than-ever pension premium of HUF 80,000. In addition, the construction of the 13-month pension will continue next February.

We will continue our policy of tax cuts

We are negotiating with the representatives of employers and employees on raising the minimum wage to HUF 200,000 and on the necessary tax cuts. Younger age groups can also count on government support: from January 1, young people under the age of 25 will not have to pay income tax.

The performance of the Hungarian economy was one of the first in Europe to exceed the pre-epidemic level. Following our decisions, the resumption of the economy will be felt by all Hungarians.

Hungary is still the first for us!


Sincerely:

Viktor Orban
Prime Minister

---
`Mon 2021-10-11 10:16`