[home](../README.md)
 | 
[hungarian](../hu/2021-04-24.md)

### Online appointment booking for vaccination

Dear Sir / Madam,


The number of vaccinated people in Hungary exceeded 3.5 million. This is a significant achievement, but the fight against the virus is not over yet. Millions of doses of vaccine are coming to Hungary, so we can double the number of people vaccinated in the next six weeks.

To further speed up the vaccination program, an online appointment page has been launched. In this, all registered citizens can easily and quickly schedule a vaccination.

You can find the appointment website at the following address: www.eeszt.gov.hu

This page allows you to schedule appointments specifically for hospital vaccinations at 26 April (Monday), 27 April (Tuesday) and 28 April (Wednesday) with Sinopharm vaccine.

Those who have registered and have not yet been vaccinated can apply on the appointment page. On this page you can check the status of your registration:

https://vakcinareg.neak.gov.hu/registracio/

In addition to hospital vaccination points, vaccination will continue at GPs. We respectfully request that if you have already booked an online appointment for a hospital vaccination and are subsequently called by your GP, let them know that you already have an appointment for a hospital vaccination. This way, your GP can offer the vaccine to someone else.

Thank you for vaccinating yourself. Please convince others of this as well! The vaccine saved lives.

Sincerely:

Government Information Center

---
`Sat 2021-04-24 3:41`