[home](../README.md)
 | 
[hungarian](../hu/2022-03-26.md)

### Information on the summits in Brussels

Dear Sir / Madam!

NATO and EU summits were held in Brussels this week. The main topic of the meetings was the Russian-Ukrainian war conflict. Proposals were put on the agenda against which Hungary's interests had to be protected.

The President of Ukraine also attended the summits via video link and addressed the Hungarian delegation separately. Volodymyr Zelensky demanded the introduction of energy sanctions and also asked Hungary to send weapons to Ukraine.

Prime Minister Viktor Orbán rejected these requests. We understand that the Ukrainian head of state represents Ukrainian interests, but others also need to understand what we represent Hungarian interests. In vain are there foreign and domestic actors who demand this, we do not want to drift into this war.

During the NATO talks, the Prime Minister made it clear that Hungary would not send troops to Ukraine. It was also agreed at the summit that we will not send weapons or allow arms shipments. We were able to accept this because the most important common goal of NATO remains that the war should in no way cross the borders of Ukraine.

In addition to the Ukrainian president, other countries have suggested that sanctions on Russia should be extended to the energy sector. This is against Hungary's interests, especially given that 85% of domestic households are heated by gas and 64% of our oil imports come from Russia. Therefore, together with some other countries, we have rejected this proposal, so that gas and oil will continue to arrive in Hungary.

Our main goal remains to preserve the peace and security of Hungary. We condemn the Russian military intervention, we are concerned about the territorial integrity of Ukraine, we are providing assistance to those in need, but we cannot allow the price of the war to be paid to Hungarian families.

Sincerely:
Government Information Center

---
`Sat 2022-03-26 6:51`