[home](../README.md)
 | 
[hungarian](../hu/2022-03-22.md)

### Information on economic sanctions envisaged

Dear Sir / Madam!

The Russo-Ukrainian war has serious economic consequences throughout Europe. In this situation, we only support economic sanctions against Russia that do not cause unbearable economic damage to Hungary.

Some leaders in Brussels want to punish Russia at all costs, and they also want punitive measures that would place an additional unpaid burden on European, including Hungarian, citizens. The Vice-President of the European Commission has argued for reducing gas supplies from Russia and for people to turn down the heating in their homes. According to the Brussels Energy Commissioner, people and businesses in every Member State are prepared to bear the burden of higher energy prices in person.

There are also actors in Hungarian public life who support these ideas and would even shut off the gas taps. This is a serious irresponsibility, as 85% of Hungarian households are heated with gas. And 64 percent of Hungarian crude oil imports come from Russia. Suspending energy imports from Russia would seriously jeopardize the security of oil and gas supplies and even double or triple the burden on Hungarian families.

We must also act responsibly in European forums in order to preserve the peace and financial security of Hungarian families. The Hungarian government continues to oppose the extension of sanctions to the energy sector. The Prime Minister successfully represented Hungarian interests at both the Paris and Brussels summits. He made it clear that this step would place a disproportionate burden on Hungary.

We continue to condemn Russian military aggression and stand up for the territorial integrity of Ukraine. However, we insist that the costs of the war should not be paid for by Hungarian families.

Sincerely:
Government Information Center

---
`Tue 2022-03-22 9:56`