[home](../README.md)
 | 
[hungarian](../hu/2022-02-04.md)

### Do you know when the subsidies will arrive?

Dear Sir / Madam!
In February, several measures will come into force that will provide significant assistance to Hungarian families. In this letter, we summarize the most important information.

Family tax ‑ refund will be received

Until February 14, all concerned will receive a family tax refund. Postal delivery starts in the first days of the month. If both parents in the family have an employment relationship, they will both receive support. The tax ‑ refund applies to the full amount of personal income tax paid in 2021 up to the tax level of the average wage.

The 13th monthly pension is coming

This month, all of our retired compatriots will receive their 13th month pension. The benefit comes with a regular pension, which rose 5 percent in January. Postal delivery will begin on February 9th. Those who have opted for bank transfer will receive the amount on February 11th.

Tax-free wages for those under 25 arrive

Young people under the age of 25 will not have to pay personal income tax from 1 January. The first tax-free payment will be credited to their account in February. You do not need to fill in a special form to apply for the discount, it is validated automatically by employers. 280,000 young employees will be paid an average of HUF 40,000 higher.

Despite the difficulties of the epidemic, the Hungarian economy is on a growth path again. Our goal is for every Hungarian family and every generation to feel this in their own lives.

Sincerely:
Government Information Center

---
`Fri 2022-02-04 4:40`