[home](../README.md)
 | 
[hungarian](../hu/2022-01-10.md)

### Do you know the most important changes in 2022?

Dear Sir / Madam!

Let us wish you good health and a happy new year!
In 2022, a number of changes will take effect. The following is a summary of the key points.

Wage increases
From the first of January, the minimum wage will increase to HUF 200,000 and the minimum wage to skilled workers to HUF 260,000. This is a threefold increase from the beginning of governance. The nursing and medical pay rise program will also continue. Higher wages can be expected for crèche workers, kindergarten teachers, teachers, social and cultural workers, as well as soldiers and law enforcement professionals.

Tax cuts
The government continues to pursue a policy of tax cuts. As a result, the public burden paid by employers is reduced from 17 to 13 percent. This gives businesses more leeway for future wage increases. In addition, the echo will be reduced, the small business tax will be reduced, and the benefit for small and medium-sized enterprises in the local business tax will be extended.

Extra support for our elderly and young compatriots
We are repaying an old debt by rebuilding our 13-month pension. In addition, all pensions will rise by 5 percent from January. Young people under the age of 25 no longer have to pay income tax. The tax credit can be claimed up to the level of gross average earnings. There was no such measure before, it could mean an average of HUF 40,000 plus for hundreds of thousands of young people.

More support for families
As the economy strengthens, the family tax rebate may come into effect. This means that families raising a child will get back their income tax paid in 2021 up to the level of the gross average earnings tax. The subsidy for the baby bond will increase from 6 to 12 thousand forints, and the baby-waiting subsidy will still be available, as will the wide range of home-creation subsidies. The largest solar cell installation program to date has also been launched, with significant state support.

In 2022, we will continue to work to reduce the epidemic through the vaccination program, and in the meantime, make the country work and strengthen further. Our goal is for all Hungarians to feel this strengthening in their own lives.

Sincerely:
Government Information Center

---
`Mon 2022-01-10 1:54`