[home](../README.md)
 | 
[hungarian](../hu/2022-03-10.md)

### Information on the economic consequences of the Russo-Ukrainian war

Dear Sir / Madam!

The effects of the Russo-Ukrainian war and economic sanctions can already be felt throughout Europe. There has been a heated debate in the European Union about future punitive measures against Russia. The sanctions that have already been put in place also have serious economic consequences within the EU, including in Hungary.

Some would include the energy sector in the scope of sanctions. This would cause disproportionate damage to Hungary. 64 percent of Hungarian crude oil imports come from Russia. 85 percent of Hungarian gas consumption is Russian imports. The significance of this is well illustrated by the fact that 85 percent of Hungarian households use gas.

Some would extend sanctions to the Paks nuclear power plant and its expansion. They also need to know that if we had to source the electricity generated by the Paks nuclear power plant elsewhere, the overhead costs for families would increase by HUF 264,000 a year. This is four times the current level. In addition, the lifting of sanctions makes the forint a target for financial speculation.

The Hungarian government will oppose the extension of sanctions to the energy sector in international fora as strongly as possible. This is in the interest of the Hungarian economy and the Hungarian people.

We condemn Russia's military intervention. We support EU and NATO efforts to bring peace. However, we will not allow the price of the war to be paid to Hungarian families.

Sincerely:
Government Information Center

---
`Thu 2022-03-10 6:56`