[home](../README.md)
 | 
[hungarian](../hu/2022-04-01.md)

### Information on Sunday's election and referendum

Dear Sir / Madam!

On April 3, there will be a parliamentary election and a national referendum in Hungary. Below we would like to draw your attention to the most important information.

Voting is possible from 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. The exact address of the constituency is included in the election notice sent in advance by post. You can also find the address on the National Electoral Office's website at:

https://vtr.valasztas.hu/ogy2022/valasztasi-informaciok/szózohelyiseg-kereses

The voter must prove his / her identity (with a valid identity card, passport or driving license) and his / her address or personal identification number (eg with an address card) when voting.

Before the day of the vote, please check the validity of your documents. An important circumstance is that documents expiring between 11 March 2020 and 31 May 2022 are also valid under the Emergency Ordinance.

On election weekend, almost all government windows and document offices are open during extraordinary hours to make up for any expired, lost or damaged documents.

Voters receive three ballot papers, one for the national party list, the other for the individual candidate, and a third for questions put to the referendum.

More detailed information can be found on the website of the National Electoral Office:

https://vtr.valasztas.hu/ogy2022/

Please take part in the parliamentary elections and the referendum and exercise your right to vote in both cases.


Sincerely:
Government Information Center

---
`Fri 2022-04-01 7:35`